Made copy of attribute.KeyValue before sorting (#84)
open-o11y/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- The `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/export/trace` package is merged into the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace` package. (#1778)
- The prometheus.InstallNewPipeline example is moved from comment to example test (#1796)
- Convenience functions for stdout exporter have been updated to return the `TracerProvider` implementation and enable the shutdown of the exporter. (#1800)

> - Made copy of `attribute.KeyValue` to avoid mutate the attributes after sorting.(#TBD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make a copy of attributes provided to some Metrics SDK functions to avoid mutating attributes that must be sorted.(#TBD)
```
